Rename listview.md to collectionview.md and update its terminology (#6571)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/collection.md

* **Last edited** - When the content node was last edited and saved.
* **Name** - Name of the content node(s).
* **Created by** - This is the user who the content node was created by.

You can add more sorting to this collection by adding more datatypes to the columns in the "Columns Displayed" section.

### Order Direction

You can select order of the content nodes displayed, "Acsending" or "Descending". The order is affected by the "Order By" selection.

### Columns Displayed

It is possible to add more columns to the collection, via adding the properties through the dropdown. These properties are based on the Data Types which are used by the Document Type. It will show up in the dropdown by its alias and not the name on the property.

![Collection property example](../../../../../../10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-property-editors/images/listview-property.png) ![Collection property example](../../../../../../10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-property-editors/images/listview-property-dropdown.png)

> Once you have selected a column that you want to display, the next thing you want to do is define what its name should be and what kind of value it should display. You can also move the headers around, re-ordering how the headers should look. This is done by the move icon on the left side of the alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have selected a column you want to display, define what its name should be and what kind of value it should display. You can also move the headers around, re-ordering how they should look. This is done by the move icon on the left side of the alias.
```

You can change the name of the collection itself. Default if empty: 'Child Items'.

### Show Content Workspace View First

Enable this to show the Content Workspace View by default instead of the collection's.

## Content Example

### Generic field value

This example uses a generic field on a child item and displays it in the collection. ![Collection content example email](../../../../../../10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-property-editors/images/listview-content-example-email-settings.png)

The `{{ value }}` will take the value of the Email property and display it in the collection, as shown on the image below.

![Collection content example email](../../../../../../10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-property-editors/images/listview-content-example-email.png)

### Member name

First, a Member Picker property needs to be present on the content item. In this example, the `child item` has gotten a Member Picker Data Type with the alias of `isAuthor`.

![Collection member picker](../../../../../../10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-property-editors/images/member-picker.png)

> Now that the child item has a member and the value that should be displayed is the name of the picked value, the next step is to reconfigure the template value in the collection setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The child item has a member and the value that should be displayed is the name of the picked value. The next step is to reconfigure the template value in the collection setting.
```
